=head1 NAME

B<org.lotarproject.SlackMan> - D-Bus interface for L<slackman(8)> Package Manager

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The SlackMan service is  accessed  through the D-Bus object at /org/lotarproject/SlackMan.
Which provides the following interface.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 ChangeLog

ChangeLog ( in: 's' I<repo_id>, out 'a{saa{ss}}' )

=head2 CheckUpgrade

CheckUpgrade ( out 'a{sa{ss}}' )

=head2 SecurityFix

SecurityFix ( out 'a{saa{ss}}' )

=head2 PackageInfo

PackageInfo ( in 's' I<package_name>, out 'a{ss}' )

=head2 InstallPkg

InstallPkg ( in 's' I<package_path>, out 'i' )

Install a package using L<installpkg(8)> command and emit C<PackageInstalled> signal.

=head2 UpgradePkg

UpgradePkg ( in 's' I<package_path>, out 'i' )

Upgrade a package using L<upgradepkg(8)> command and emit C<PackageUpgraded> signal.

=head2 RemovePkg

RemovePkg ( in 's' I<package_name>, out 'i' )

Remove a package using L<removepkg(8)> command and emit C<PackageRemoved> signal.

=head2 Notify

Notify ( in 's' I<action>, in 's' I<summary>, in 's' I<body>)

Send notification to L<slackman-service(1)>

=head1 PROPERTIES

=head2 version

version (out 's')

Return the SlackMan version

=head2 slackware

slackware (out 's')

Return the Slackware version (eg. I<14.2> or I<current>)

=head1 SIGNALS

=head2 PackageInstalled

This signal is emitted when a package is installed.

=head2 PackageUpgraded

This signal is emitted when a package is upgraded.

=head2 PackageRemoved

This signal is emitted when a package is removed.

=head2 UpdatedChangeLog

This signal is emitted when run C<slackman update> or C<slackman update changelog> command.

=head2 UpdatedPackages

This signal is emitted when run C<slackman update> or C<slackman update packages> command.

=head2 UpdatedManifest

This signal is emitted when run C<slackman update manifest> command.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<dbus-send(1)>, L<dbus-monitor(1)>, L<slackman(8)>, L<slackman-service(1)>, L<slackman-notifier(1)>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to 
L<https://github.com/LotarProject/slackman/issues> page.

=head1 AUTHOR

Giuseppe Di Terlizzi <giuseppe.diterlizzi@gmail.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2016-2017 Giuseppe Di Terlizzi.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

L<http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0>
